“So to you, or anyone else who has spent four minutes on me in some way-- listening to just one song, or watching one of my videos….Thank you. I love you like I love sparkles and having the last word. And that's real love.”
“Unique and different is the new generation of beautiful… You dont have to be like everybody else. In fact I don’t think you should.”
“Be yourself. There is no one better.”
“I realized that I have very long arms so I can take the perfect arm-length picture with fans”
“There's always that seventh-grade girl who looks like she's 25. And you're like, How do you do it? How do you do it, Sarah Jaxheimer? Why is your hair always so shiny?!”
"It's all going to be ok. None of us know how our lives are going to turn out. And I think it's better that way."
"Now matter what happens in life be good to people. Because being nice is a wonderful legacy to leave behind."
"You're lucky enough to be different. Never change."
“I’ve never gotten thick skin. If you close yourself off and you get this protective armor, there is a price you pay with that – of not feeling."
“Never believe anyone who tells you that you don’t deserve what you want.”
“The lesson I’ve learned the most often in life is that you’re always going to know more in the future than you know now.”
“When you hear people making hateful comments, stand up to them. Point out what a waste it is to hate, and you could open their eyes.”
“Giving up doesn’t always mean you’re weak; sometimes you’re just strong enough to let go.”
“There’s more to life than dating the boy on the football team.”
“I haven’t had that one great love, which is good. I don’t want that to be in the past – I want it to be in the future.”
“Life isn’t how to survive the storm, it’s about how to dance in the rain.”
“Words can break someone into a million pieces, but they can also put them back together. I hope you use yours for good”
“Be that strong girl that everyone knew would make it through the worst, be that fearless girl, the one who would dare to do anything, be that independent girl who didn’t need a man; be that girl who never backed down.”
"To me fearless isn't not having fears, it's not that you're not afraid of anything. I think that being fearless is having a lot of fears, but you jump anyway."
